docs/source/user_guide/databasemanager.rst, before:

The DatabaseManager
===================

:class:`DatabaseManager <pandemy.DatabaseManager>` is the base class that defines the interface of how to interact with
the database and provides the methods to do so. Each SQL dialect will inherit from the :class:`DatabaseManager <pandemy.DatabaseManager>`
and define the specific details of how to connect to the database and create the database :class:`engine <sqlalchemy.engine.Engine>`.
The database :class:`engine <sqlalchemy.engine.Engine>` is the core component that allows for connection and interaction with the database.
The engine is created through the :func:`create_engine <sqlalchemy.create_engine>` function from SQLAlchemy.
The creation of the connection string needed to create the engine is all handled in the initialization of the :class:`DatabaseManager <pandemy.DatabaseManager>`.
This class is never used on its own instead it serves as the facilitator of functionality to each database dialect. 


Database dialects
-----------------

This section describes the available database dialects in Pandemy and the dialects planned for future releases.

- **SQLite**: :class:`SQLiteDb <pandemy.SQLiteDb>`.

- **Oracle**: Planned. 

- **Microsoft SQL Server**: Planned.


Core functionality
------------------

All database dialects inherit these methods from :class:`DatabaseManager <pandemy.DatabaseManager>`:

- :meth:`delete_all_records_from_table <pandemy.DatabaseManager.delete_all_records_from_table>`: Delete all records from an existing table in the database.

- :meth:`execute <pandemy.DatabaseManager.execute>`: Execute arbitrary SQL statements on the database.

- :meth:`load_table <pandemy.DatabaseManager.load_table>`: Load a table by name or SQL query into a :class:`DataFrame <pandas.DataFrame>`.

- :meth:`save_df <pandemy.DatabaseManager.save_df>`: Save a :class:`DataFrame <pandas.DataFrame>` to a table in the database.

Examples of using these methods are shown in the :doc:`sqlite/index` section, but they work the same regardless of the SQL dialect used.  


The SQLContainer
----------------

When initializing a subclass of :class:`DatabaseManager <pandemy.DatabaseManager>` it can optionally be passed a :class:`SQLContainer <pandemy.SQLContainer>`
class to the ``container`` parameter. The purpose of the :class:`SQLContainer <pandemy.SQLContainer>` is to store SQL statements used by an application in one
place where they can be easily accessed by the :class:`DatabaseManager <pandemy.DatabaseManager>`. Just like the :class:`DatabaseManager <pandemy.DatabaseManager>`
the :class:`SQLContainer <pandemy.SQLContainer>` should be subclassed and not used directly. If your application supports multiple SQL databases you can 
write the SQL statements the application needs in each SQL dialect and store the statements in one :class:`SQLContainer <pandemy.SQLContainer>` per dialect.
Examples of using the :class:`SQLContainer <pandemy.SQLContainer>` with the SQLite DatabaseManager :class:`SQLiteDb <pandemy.SQLiteDb>` are shown in section
:ref:`Using a SQLContainer to organize SQL statements`.

Commit message:

Updated cross references of the documentation.
Added and updated cross references in the documentation.

Objects not from pandemy are now consistently prefixed with the foreign library
e.g. pandas|sqlalchemy.some_method_or_function().

Methods and functions now display a () in the reference to indicate that they are callable.
E.g. DatabaseManager.save_df().

Pandemy objects are not prefixed with pandemy to reduce verbosity. However methods are now prefixed with
the class they belong to for increased clarity.

Pandemy Exceptions are still prefixed with pandemy to distinguish them better from built-in
Exceptions.

docs/source/user_guide/databasemanager.rst, after:

The DatabaseManager
===================

:class:`DatabaseManager <pandemy.DatabaseManager>` is the base class that defines the interface of how to interact with
the database and provides the methods to do so. Each SQL dialect will inherit from the :class:`DatabaseManager <pandemy.DatabaseManager>`
and define the specific details of how to connect to the database and create the database :class:`engine <sqlalchemy.engine.Engine>`.
The database :class:`engine <sqlalchemy.engine.Engine>` is the core component that allows for connection and interaction with the database.
The :class:`engine <sqlalchemy.engine.Engine>` is created through the :func:`sqlalchemy.create_engine` function. The creation of the
connection string needed to create the :class:`engine <sqlalchemy.engine.Engine>` is all handled during the initialization of an
instance of :class:`DatabaseManager <pandemy.DatabaseManager>`. This class is never used on its own instead it serves as the facilitator
of functionality for each database dialect. 


Database dialects
-----------------

This section describes the available database dialects in Pandemy and the dialects planned for future releases.

- **SQLite**: :class:`SQLiteDb <pandemy.SQLiteDb>`.

- **Oracle**: Planned. 

- **Microsoft SQL Server**: Planned.


Core functionality
------------------

All database dialects inherit these methods from :class:`DatabaseManager <pandemy.DatabaseManager>`:

- :meth:`delete_all_records_from_table() <pandemy.DatabaseManager.delete_all_records_from_table>`: Delete all records from an existing table in the database.

- :meth:`execute() <pandemy.DatabaseManager.execute>`: Execute arbitrary SQL statements on the database.

- :meth:`load_table() <pandemy.DatabaseManager.load_table>`: Load a table by name or SQL query into a :class:`pandas.DataFrame`.

- :meth:`save_df() <pandemy.DatabaseManager.save_df>`: Save a :class:`pandas.DataFrame` to a table in the database.

Examples of using these methods are shown in the :doc:`sqlite/index` section, but they work the same regardless of the SQL dialect used.  


The SQLContainer
----------------

When initializing a subclass of :class:`DatabaseManager <pandemy.DatabaseManager>` it can optionally be passed a :class:`SQLContainer <pandemy.SQLContainer>`
class to the ``container`` parameter. The purpose of the :class:`SQLContainer <pandemy.SQLContainer>` is to store SQL statements used by an application in one
place where they can be easily accessed by the :class:`DatabaseManager <pandemy.DatabaseManager>`. Just like the :class:`DatabaseManager <pandemy.DatabaseManager>`
the :class:`SQLContainer <pandemy.SQLContainer>` should be subclassed and not used directly. If your application supports multiple SQL databases you can 
write the SQL statements the application needs in each SQL dialect and store the statements in one :class:`SQLContainer <pandemy.SQLContainer>` per dialect.
Examples of using the :class:`SQLContainer <pandemy.SQLContainer>` with the SQLite DatabaseManager :class:`SQLiteDb <pandemy.SQLiteDb>` are shown in section
:ref:`Using a SQLContainer to organize SQL statements`.
